README.md, before:

DynamoNDK
=========

##Description

Dynamo Node Developer Kit.

Stand alone Project for developing new node for Ian Keough's Dynamo.

##Contributor

[Fabian Ritter](https://github.com/redinkinc) | [LOC, TU München](http://www.loc.tum.de) | Germany

##Using the NDK

[How to set up the Dynamo NDK](https://github.com/redinkinc/DynamoNDK/wiki/Set-up-the-DynamoNDK)

##Dynamo License

The DynamoNDK is priviously developed by Ian Keough as a Project in the Dynamo Core Solution (see 
[ikeough/Dynamo](https://github.com/ikeough/Dynamo) )

Those portions created by Ian are provided with the following copyright:

Copyright 2014 Ian Keough

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

All modifications by Fabian Ritter (redinkinc) are under the same License.

Commit message:

build to dynamo 0.8.0 nodes folder again

README.md, after:

DynamoNDK
=========

##Description

Dynamo Node Developer Kit.

Stand alone Project for developing new node for Ian Keough's Dynamo.

###WARNING: The use of the current solution of dynamoNDK is a little tricky. You have to load the SampleLibraryZeroTouch.dll in your program first in order to use the PeriodicUpdater without any warnings. Even though both DLLs are loaded into the Dynamo/Nodes folder.

##Contributor

[Fabian Ritter](https://github.com/redinkinc) | [LOC, TU München](http://www.loc.tum.de) | Germany

##Using the NDK

[How to set up the Dynamo NDK](https://github.com/redinkinc/DynamoNDK/wiki/Set-up-the-DynamoNDK)

##Dynamo License

The DynamoNDK is priviously developed by Ian Keough as a Project in the Dynamo Core Solution (see 
[ikeough/Dynamo](https://github.com/ikeough/Dynamo) )

Those portions created by Ian are provided with the following copyright:

Copyright 2014 Ian Keough

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

All modifications by Fabian Ritter (redinkinc) are under the same License.
